But the shares I have
were all given by my brother
He doesn’t allow me to transfer them freely
But since Wen Xu loves me so much
I’m willing to fight for Wen Xu
against my brother
Brother
I need to transfer some shares
Not agree?
Not agreeing is not an option
The shares in my hands
are for me to decide
Let’s sign the agreement right now
You know that
Xiao Yuan loves you the most
Wen Xu,
shouldn’t you show me
how hard you’ve worked
for our future?
Have you not
started preparing
to divorce Jian Dao yet?
Then I absolutely can’t transfer them
How could that be? Look
Right now
I’ve already
started transferring the company’s assets
I will definitely divorce her
Doctor
You mean the hormone medication I took before
was actually a type of psychiatric drug?